Updated documentation of arangoimport (#909)
arangodb/docs: 3.9/programs-arangoimport-examples-json.md

data. Data that appears later in the input file may be imported earlier than data
that appears earlier in the input file. This is normally not a problem but may cause
issues when when there are data dependencies or duplicates in the import data. In

> this case, the number of threads should be set to 1. Also, using parallelism with the
> parameter `--threads X` can lead to a race condition when there are duplicates 
> e.g. multiple equal `_key`values, so even ignoring the duplicates will make the 
> output unpredictable, meaning not knowing which document will be inserted.  
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this case, the number of threads should be set to 1. Also, using parallelism with the
parameter `--threads X` together with the parameter `--on-duplicate` set to `ignore`, 
`update` or `replace` can lead to a race condition when there are duplicates e.g. 
multiple identical `_key`values. Even ignoring the duplicates will make the result 
unpredictable, meaning it is not predictable which versions of the documents will be inserted.
```
